# Purdue ECTF 2024
This repository contains all code related to Purdue's submission for ECTF 2024.

## High-level overview
This project is a secure implementation of a protocol for the MITRE eCTF challenge. We have been tasked with creating a system
to verify the authenticity and integrity of chips on medical device end products. This device, referred to as a MISC (Medical Infrastructure Supply Chain)
consists of one Application Processor (AP) and two Components. The AP is responsible for communicating with the components and 
orchestrates all key functionality. An AP is designed to work with provisioned components whose binaries are built as part of the 
same deployment and operated by a user. 

## Documentation 📖
Documentation and technical specifications can be found in the [docs](docs) directory.

## Design Structure
 - `application_processor` - source code for application processor.  
 - `component` - source code for the component boards.  
 - `custom_nix_pkgs` - nix scripts for building the custom packages.  
 - `deployment` - code to set up deployment variables, such as shared secrets and keys  
 - `design_utils` - safe utility functions
 - `max78000_device` - autogenerated HAL functions and data structures
 - `max78000_hal` - unsafe HAL utility functions and wrappers

## Team Members 👥
**Students**: Nick Andry, Philip Frey, Jorege Hernandez, Neil Van Eikema Hommes, Jihun (Jimmy) Hwang, Jaxson Pahukula, Mihir Patil,
Adrian Persaud, Jack Roscoe, Gabe Samide, Lucas Tan, Vinh Pham Ngoc Thanh, Vivan Tiwari, Jacob White, Susan Wu, Kevin Yu

**Advisors**: Christina Garman, Kazem Taram, Santiago Torres-Arias
